OK so let's talk about perhaps what happens if I am inside a posts right here and I have a list.
Let's pretend we have a list and if I click on one of these posts it should be taking us to a new component
which is going to grab the your L graph the ID of the posts and then fetch all the information about
the posts.
Well we need to do something else in order to get this.
And this is called perhaps getting perhaps.
So for example if I click on one of this and it's going to be the post with ID number five the application
is going to go to for Slash number five of course we didn't have a route and we don't have a component
to handle this.
So it's going to take us back to posts to the one that knows.
OK that's fine.
Let's go to our component's view.
And again it created a new component's is going to be posts on her posts item.
That sounds good.
Post item that Jesus ok inside posts items are going to go again to posts just to save some time.
An inside post item.
I'm just going to paste all of this and this is going to be item posts item and we can export posts
item and right here again.
Are you going to say item whatever.
OK let's get I'm going to go to this and I'm going to import the posts item.
OK just like we did before.
Post item import import posts item from.
And then it's going to be DOD for Slash components for Slash and then posts item.
OK that's good.
So now to get programs to get an R U R L that has.
Perhaps we need to do something else right here.
Let me just first do it manually.
I'm going to go and save route and just need to set a path for this and the path is going to be forced
slash it's going to be posts and this one is going to be moving the number 5.
OK so something simple as that.
And the components in charge of rendering rendering this is going to be the Post's item which is included
right here.
Something real simple.
If I read all the Epica application is going to take us two posts and it's going to take us two item
and we have the same problem than before with the exact So we need to go to posts and put exact right
here.
So testing is taking us is recognizing the route and is taking us to these new posts item.
Now if I change this to 10 of course.
Sorry if I change it to 10 right here of course it's not going to show anything because it's going to
fail.
There is no route with posts that slash 10.
So we need to make this feature could of a dynamic.
So we need to do it to a dynamic to recognize an ID.
We get to use the common right here to recognize a pram and begin to say ID.
And if I go to 10 is going to show us item and if I go to whatever 45 it's going to still show item.
Let's.
So it's getting work.
This is the way how we can catch your else with traps.
Now there's one more thing whenever you you're using this.
Remember that the main component domain parent of the whole application is going to be browser router.
So whenever you go to a component in prop's in the prompts of that component the parent components it's
going to.
It's going to have the information of the route.
So let me show you show you what's going on.
I'm going to go right here and I'm going to create a constructor so I can bring the prompts to something
simple OK and then Super just like before.
And then again to bring props.
We did this Pursley props but it is before it.
OK.
So if I go to the render right here and Cancellara the props I'm going to get a lot of information about
the routes so I'm going to say console log and just see check what I have what I have what we have inside
the props and the rule of the page.
So props maybe I met him steak while on second.
Of course whenever we make reference to props we need to say this that props.
It's going to do this for this class.
And the props of this class.
That's good.
So if I go to inspect and I go to the council.
OK let me just because it was all going to go to console and get.
So we have an object right here going to have a lot of messages.
We have a useless constructor and that's fine because we're not using it.
It's just to show you what's happening.
We have an object and we have a lot of information.
We have history location and we have match inside match.
We're going to have all the information about this this route we can have the post ID and the u r l
and the prams and inside perhaps we can have the ID 45 so we can access prompts access prompts that
match and get this information.
So if am if I go right here and make reference to this prompts going to I can do this.
That prompts dot match dot pro-ams and inside perhaps we can have the ID.
So when the page reloads I get the ID so we have access to the ID of the page inside posts.
Since we have the ID we can ground the ID and make a network with requests to fetch the posts with this
ID.
Something real simple right here is giving us the message useless constructor.
So we are using a class but we are using.
We are using a constructor but we are not really using it.
So its not a good practice practice to use a constructor an empty constructor.
So again I'm going to refactor this just for fun too.
Stateless components we can have a contest and the contest is going to be post item and this is going
to be a call to something we're going to put it in a minute and we just run a function.
This is going to return some depth with some information inside.
Now whenever we we catch everything right here inside prompts we can pass prompts right here.
OK.
And this is going to work.
The thing is that well we need to if we have props right here we only to access the two prompts that
match that Priam's that ID.
So what we can do we can directly access to match.
We can use make use of some destructuring just like we did with component around just some ESX magic.
And inside here since I have access to match what I can do is just grab the match grab the programs
and then the ID and the page loads and we get the ID right.
So that's good.
Oh right here computing it's defined but never used since we know we have a stateless component we have
media component so everything should be fine right now.
OK that's good.
This is a different message.
So OK so we have four or five with a status component.
We know how to get the IDs and how to use dynamic pram.
Let's go to the next lecture.
We're going to talk a little bit more about router.